JOHN, STAY WITH ME. THERE’S A WHOLE OTHER PIECE TO
THERE’S A WHOLE OTHER PIECE TO IT.
IT. WE’RE NOT TAKING BREAKS, WITH
WE’RE NOT TAKING BREAKS, WITH WE’RE IN BREAKING COVERAGE BUT
WE’RE IN BREAKING COVERAGE BUT WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE FILING ON
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE FILING ON THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, IT HAMMERS MICHAEL COHEN
YORK, IT HAMMERS MICHAEL COHEN FOR DOING THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT
FOR DOING THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT HE CLAIMED THAT HE WAS, QUOTE,
HE CLAIMED THAT HE WAS, QUOTE, COOPERATING BUT IN THE NEW
COOPERATING BUT IN THE NEW FILING WE HAVE, PROSECUTORS SAY
FILING WE HAVE, PROSECUTORS SAY HE WASN’T COOPERATING ENOUGH AND
HE WASN’T COOPERATING ENOUGH AND THUS THEY REPRESENT HE SHOULD
THUS THEY REPRESENT HE SHOULD GET SUBSTANTIAL PRISON TIME FOR
GET SUBSTANTIAL PRISON TIME FOR EXTENSIVE DELIVERED IN
EXTENSIVE DELIVERED IN SUBSTANTIAL CRIMINAL CONDUCT.
SUBSTANTIAL CRIMINAL CONDUCT. THEY DETAIL THAT.
THEY DETAIL THAT. ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS
ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS AND OF COURSE FALSE STATEMENTS
AND OF COURSE FALSE STATEMENTS TO CONGRESS.
TO CONGRESS. THE PROSECUTORS ALSO REBUKE
THE PROSECUTORS ALSO REBUKE COHEN FOR WHAT THEY CALL A
COHEN FOR WHAT THEY CALL A CRIMINAL MIND-SET THAT AT HIS
CRIMINAL MIND-SET THAT AT HIS OWN OPTION HE IS ABOVE THE LAWS
OWN OPTION HE IS ABOVE THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
OF THE UNITED STATES. WE HAVE OUR EXPERTS BACK FOR
WE HAVE OUR EXPERTS BACK FOR THIS.
THIS. I WANT TO GO TO MAYA WHO HAS
I WANT TO GO TO MAYA WHO HAS BASICALLY WORKED IN THAT OFFICE.
BASICALLY WORKED IN THAT OFFICE. THIS LOOKS TO A LOT OF PEOPLE
THIS LOOKS TO A LOT OF PEOPLE LIKE A STRONGER REBUKE THAN YOU
LIKE A STRONGER REBUKE THAN YOU MIGHT HAVE EXPECTED FROM THE
MIGHT HAVE EXPECTED FROM THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS THERE AND
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS THERE AND THEY ALSO GO OUT OF THEIR WAY TO
THEY ALSO GO OUT OF THEIR WAY TO SAY THEIR WAY TO
SAY THEIR WAY TO SATE WASN’T FULL COOPERATION,
SATE WASN’T FULL COOPERATION, MAYA.
MAYA. >> I THINK IT’S AN
>> I THINK IT’S AN UNDERSTANDABLE REBUKE, QUITE
UNDERSTANDABLE REBUKE, QUITE FRANKLY.
FRANKLY. AS I SAID EARLIER, NUMBER ONE,
AS I SAID EARLIER, NUMBER ONE, THIS IS AN ATTORNEY.
THIS IS AN ATTORNEY. THIS IS ONE WHO TOOK AN OATH
THIS IS ONE WHO TOOK AN OATH WHEN HE PASSED HIS BAR EXAM THAT
WHEN HE PASSED HIS BAR EXAM THAT SAID HE WAS GOING TO UPHOLD THE
SAID HE WAS GOING TO UPHOLD THE LAWS AND THAT HE WAS GOING TO
LAWS AND THAT HE WAS GOING TO HOLD THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF ETHICS
HOLD THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF ETHICS AS SOMEONE WHO WAS CHARGED WITH
AS SOMEONE WHO WAS CHARGED WITH THE LAW.
THE LAW. NOW WHAT HE ALSO DID WAS WALKED
NOW WHAT HE ALSO DID WAS WALKED IN, AS WE’VE SAID, AND HE DIDN’T
IN, AS WE’VE SAID, AND HE DIDN’T WALK IN AND COOPERATE.
WALK IN AND COOPERATE. HE PLEAD GUILTY AND THEN STARTED
HE PLEAD GUILTY AND THEN STARTED TRYING TO CUT A DEAL FOR HIMSELF
TRYING TO CUT A DEAL FOR HIMSELF THAT WOULD HELP HIM OUT.
THAT WOULD HELP HIM OUT. THERE WAS SOME INDICATION IN
THERE WAS SOME INDICATION IN SOME NEWS REPORTS THAT SUGGESTED
SOME NEWS REPORTS THAT SUGGESTED THAT HE WAS IN FACT HOLDING OUT
THAT HE WAS IN FACT HOLDING OUT FOR A PARDON AND THEN KIND OF
FOR A PARDON AND THEN KIND OF FELT LIKE HE WAS GETTING THROWN
FELT LIKE HE WAS GETTING THROWN UNDER THE BUS, SO MAYBE IT WAS
UNDER THE BUS, SO MAYBE IT WAS IN HIS BEST INTEREST TO PAINT A
IN HIS BEST INTEREST TO PAINT A DIFFERENT PICTURE OF HIMSELF.
DIFFERENT PICTURE OF HIMSELF. I THINK WHAT YOU’RE HEARING FROM
I THINK WHAT YOU’RE HEARING FROM PROSECUTORS IS LOOK, WE DON’T
PROSECUTORS IS LOOK, WE DON’T LIKE PEOPLE WHO VIOLATE THE LAW,
LIKE PEOPLE WHO VIOLATE THE LAW, PARTICULARLY WHEN THEY DO IT
PARTICULARLY WHEN THEY DO IT OVER A COURSE OF YEARS, AND THEN
OVER A COURSE OF YEARS, AND THEN COME IN AND TRY TO PLAY US.
COME IN AND TRY TO PLAY US. AND I GUESS THE DMX ARGUMENT ON
AND I GUESS THE DMX ARGUMENT ON SENTENCING DIDN’T FLY SO WELL
SENTENCING DIDN’T FLY SO WELL WITH THEM.
WITH THEM. THEY ACTUALLY MAKE A REFERENCE
THEY ACTUALLY MAKE A REFERENCE ESSENTIALLY TO THAT ARGUMENT
ESSENTIALLY TO THAT ARGUMENT THAT SOMEHOW HE HASN’T DONE
THAT SOMEHOW HE HASN’T DONE ANYTHING AS BAD AS SOME OTHERS,
ANYTHING AS BAD AS SOME OTHERS, AND THEN FINALLY, FINALLY, I
AND THEN FINALLY, FINALLY, I THINK THEY’RE MAKING QUITE CLEAR
THINK THEY’RE MAKING QUITE CLEAR WHILE HE HAS COOPERATED, IT
WHILE HE HAS COOPERATED, IT REALLY DOES SEEM LIKE HE’S DONE
REALLY DOES SEEM LIKE HE’S DONE IT IN A WAY THAT WAS REALLY
IT IN A WAY THAT WAS REALLY ABOUT HIS BEST INTERESTS.
ABOUT HIS BEST INTERESTS. LET ME JUST SAY ONE OTHER THING
LET ME JUST SAY ONE OTHER THING ABOUT WHY IT WAS IN HIS BEST
ABOUT WHY IT WAS IN HIS BEST INTERESTS.
INTERESTS. BECAUSE THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF
BECAUSE THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF MANHATTAN, AS WELL AS THE STATE
MANHATTAN, AS WELL AS THE STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ARE ALSO
ATTORNEY GENERAL ARE ALSO INVESTIGATING WHAT WE’RE CALLING
INVESTIGATING WHAT WE’RE CALLING CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW VIOLATIONS.
CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAW VIOLATIONS. THEY’RE LOOKING AT AS STATE TAX
THEY’RE LOOKING AT AS STATE TAX FELONIES AND POSSIBLY
FELONIES AND POSSIBLY MISDEMEANOR CRIME IN FALSIFYING
MISDEMEANOR CRIME IN FALSIFYING BUSINESS RECORDS AT THE CITY
BUSINESS RECORDS AT THE CITY LEVEL.
LEVEL. SO WHAT THAT IS REALLY SAYING IS
SO WHAT THAT IS REALLY SAYING IS YOU’RE NOT GOING TO GET A PARDON
YOU’RE NOT GOING TO GET A PARDON IF THEY FIND REASON TO INDICT
IF THEY FIND REASON TO INDICT YOU IN THIS AT THE LEVEL OF THE
YOU IN THIS AT THE LEVEL OF THE CITY OR AT THE LEVEL OF THE
CITY OR AT THE LEVEL OF THE STATE.
STATE. >> SURE.
>> SURE. LOOK, MAYA, WE DISCUSSED THE DMX
LOOK, MAYA, WE DISCUSSED THE DMX DEFENSE EARLIER ON THE
DEFENSE EARLIER ON THE BROADCAST.
BROADCAST. IT SAYS WHERE MY DOG’S AT -- NO
IT SAYS WHERE MY DOG’S AT -- NO IT DOESN’T SAY THAT BUT IT DOES
IT DOESN’T SAY THAT BUT IT DOES SAY NEAL KATYAL THAT OTHER
SAY NEAL KATYAL THAT OTHER CELEBRITY TYPES AND PROMINENT
CELEBRITY TYPES AND PROMINENT PEOPLE HAVE BEEN DELINQUENT ON
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN DELINQUENT ON THEIR TAXES AND SOME HAVE
THEIR TAXES AND SOME HAVE AVOIDED JAIL TIME.
AVOIDED JAIL TIME. MAYBE MICHAEL COHEN SHOULD GET
MAYBE MICHAEL COHEN SHOULD GET THAT LIGHT A SENTENCE, THAT
THAT LIGHT A SENTENCE, THAT LIGHT A SLAP ON THE WRIST.
LIGHT A SLAP ON THE WRIST. AND AS MAYA ALLUDES TO, THAT WAS
AND AS MAYA ALLUDES TO, THAT WAS WHOLLY REJECTED IN THIS FILING
WHOLLY REJECTED IN THIS FILING TODAY, STARTING WITH THE FACT
TODAY, STARTING WITH THE FACT THAT THEY REALLY LAY OUT THAT
THAT THEY REALLY LAY OUT THAT THIS WAS NOT A CHOICE OF FULL
THIS WAS NOT A CHOICE OF FULL COOPERATION.
COOPERATION. HE WAS DRAGGED TO IT BY HIS
HE WAS DRAGGED TO IT BY HIS DECREASINGLY OPTIMISTIC OUTLOOK
DECREASINGLY OPTIMISTIC OUTLOOK OF WHAT HE COULD GET AWAY WITH.
OF WHAT HE COULD GET AWAY WITH. >> I TOTALLY AGREE WITH MAYA,
>> I TOTALLY AGREE WITH MAYA, WHO IS A GREAT SOUTHERN DISTRICT
WHO IS A GREAT SOUTHERN DISTRICT PROSECUTOR AND WHO HAS DONE THIS
PROSECUTOR AND WHO HAS DONE THIS BEFORE.
BEFORE. BUT I THINK I’D ADD ONE THING TO
BUT I THINK I’D ADD ONE THING TO WHAT SHE SAID AND WHAT YOU’RE
WHAT SHE SAID AND WHAT YOU’RE ASKING ABOUT WHICH IS
ASKING ABOUT WHICH IS PROSECUTORS TODAY WENT OUT OF
PROSECUTORS TODAY WENT OUT OF THEIR WAY TO SAY THIS CAMPAIGN
THEIR WAY TO SAY THIS CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATION IS REALLY
FINANCE VIOLATION IS REALLY SEVERE.
SEVERE. THEY DIDN’T HAVE TO USE ALL THE
THEY DIDN’T HAVE TO USE ALL THE SOARING LANGUAGE THEY USED ABOUT
SOARING LANGUAGE THEY USED ABOUT THE THREAT TO DEMOCRACY AND
THE THREAT TO DEMOCRACY AND THINGS LIKE THAT.
THINGS LIKE THAT. SO IT’S PRETTY POWERFUL
SO IT’S PRETTY POWERFUL LANGUAGE.
LANGUAGE. AND TO ME IT SUGGESTS THAT THEY
AND TO ME IT SUGGESTS THAT THEY ARE REALLY STEELING THEMSELVES
ARE REALLY STEELING THEMSELVES AND LAYING DOWN A FOUNDATION TO
AND LAYING DOWN A FOUNDATION TO SAY THESE CAMPAIGN FINANCE
SAY THESE CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATIONS OF WHICH THERE WERE
VIOLATIONS OF WHICH THERE WERE TWO PEOPLE INVOLVED, IT WAS TWO
TWO PEOPLE INVOLVED, IT WAS TWO TO TANGO, MICHAEL COHEN AND
TO TANGO, MICHAEL COHEN AND DONALD TRUMP ARE VERY, VERY
DONALD TRUMP ARE VERY, VERY SERIOUS.
SERIOUS. AND SO I THINK THERE IS A SECOND
AND SO I THINK THERE IS A SECOND PIECE, A SECOND MOVE ON THE
PIECE, A SECOND MOVE ON THE CHESSBOARD THAT’S GOING ON WHEN
CHESSBOARD THAT’S GOING ON WHEN YOU LOOK AT THIS FILING TODAY.
YOU LOOK AT THIS FILING TODAY. AND, AGAIN, IT’S NOT A FILING BY
AND, AGAIN, IT’S NOT A FILING BY MUELLER.
MUELLER. IT’S A FILING BY FEDERAL
IT’S A FILING BY FEDERAL PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN
PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK THAT’S
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK THAT’S EXTRAORDINARILY SIGNIFICANT.
EXTRAORDINARILY SIGNIFICANT. >> AND I WANT TO BRING IN
>> AND I WANT TO BRING IN JENNIFER RUBIN AND ALSO GO TO A
JENNIFER RUBIN AND ALSO GO TO A BROADER POINT.
BROADER POINT. JENNIFER IS A "WASHINGTON POST"
JENNIFER IS A "WASHINGTON POST" COLUMNIST AND A CONSERVATIVE AND
COLUMNIST AND A CONSERVATIVE AND A CRITIC OF DONALD TRUMP.
A CRITIC OF DONALD TRUMP. I DON’T WANT TO WAX TOO POETIC
I DON’T WANT TO WAX TOO POETIC HERE, BUT I WONDER IF WE COULD
HERE, BUT I WONDER IF WE COULD BEGIN BY NOTING, JENNIFER, THIS
BEGIN BY NOTING, JENNIFER, THIS IS A PRESIDENT WHO HAS TAKEN
IS A PRESIDENT WHO HAS TAKEN EXTRAORDINARY MEASURES
EXTRAORDINARY MEASURES IDENTIFIED BY HIS OWN LAWYERS,
IDENTIFIED BY HIS OWN LAWYERS, SOME OF THEM AS POTENTIALLY
SOME OF THEM AS POTENTIALLY IMPEACHABLE TO TRY TO SHUT DOWN
IMPEACHABLE TO TRY TO SHUT DOWN AND UNDERMINE THE DOJ AND
AND UNDERMINE THE DOJ AND PROSECUTORS AND RULE OF LAW.
PROSECUTORS AND RULE OF LAW. I WONDER IF HAVING GONE THROUGH
I WONDER IF HAVING GONE THROUGH A LOT OF THE DETAILS TONIGHT,
A LOT OF THE DETAILS TONIGHT, IT’S FITTING TO TURN TO YOU AND
IT’S FITTING TO TURN TO YOU AND LOOK AT WHAT IS WORKING.
LOOK AT WHAT IS WORKING. CAREER PROSECUTORS DOING THEIR
CAREER PROSECUTORS DOING THEIR JOB, CAREER PROSECUTORS
JOB, CAREER PROSECUTORS IDENTIFYING INDIVIDUAL ONE FOR
IDENTIFYING INDIVIDUAL ONE FOR DIRECTING THIS, BECAUSE THAT’S
DIRECTING THIS, BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT THE FACTS SHOW.
WHAT THE FACTS SHOW. APPARENTLY THEY’RE NOT AFRAID OF
APPARENTLY THEY’RE NOT AFRAID OF WHAT THAT MEANS OR THAT DONALD
WHAT THAT MEANS OR THAT DONALD TRUMP WILL GET IN THERE.
TRUMP WILL GET IN THERE. THEY DON’T HAVE THE SAME BUFFERS
THEY DON’T HAVE THE SAME BUFFERS THAT THE MUELLER PROSECUTION
THAT THE MUELLER PROSECUTION TEAM DOES.
TEAM DOES. AND THAT I SHOULD NOTE IS THE
AND THAT I SHOULD NOTE IS THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK WHERE DONALD TRUMP FAMOUSLY
WHERE DONALD TRUMP FAMOUSLY INVITED THEN U.S. ATTORNEY PREET
INVITED THEN U.S. ATTORNEY PREET BHARARA TO TRUMP TOWER FOR THE
BHARARA TO TRUMP TOWER FOR THE VERY RARE AND UNUSUAL STEP OF
VERY RARE AND UNUSUAL STEP OF HAVING A MEETING WITH THE PERSON
HAVING A MEETING WITH THE PERSON WHO IS THE PROSECUTOR FOR HIS
WHO IS THE PROSECUTOR FOR HIS JURISDICTION, TRYING TO
JURISDICTION, TRYING TO CULTIVATE HIM, WHEN IT DIDN’T
CULTIVATE HIM, WHEN IT DIDN’T WORK OUT, FIRING HIM.
WORK OUT, FIRING HIM. PREET BHARARA HAS GONE ON TO
PREET BHARARA HAS GONE ON TO DETAIL ALL OF THAT.
DETAIL ALL OF THAT. GOSH, IT LOOKS PRETTY DIFFERENT
GOSH, IT LOOKS PRETTY DIFFERENT NOW THAT WE KNOW THAT THAT IS
NOW THAT WE KNOW THAT THAT IS THE OFFICE THAT WAS GOING TO GO
THE OFFICE THAT WAS GOING TO GO FORWARD AND GIVE A FOUR-YEAR
FORWARD AND GIVE A FOUR-YEAR RECOMMENDED JAIL SENTENCE TO
RECOMMENDED JAIL SENTENCE TO TRUMP’S THEN LAWYER COHEN AND
TRUMP’S THEN LAWYER COHEN AND SAY THAT TRUMP DIRECTED IT,
SAY THAT TRUMP DIRECTED IT, JENNIFER.
JENNIFER. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. I THINK THERE ARE ABOUT FOUR OR
I THINK THERE ARE ABOUT FOUR OR FIVE KEY REASSURING THINGS THAT
FIVE KEY REASSURING THINGS THAT WE CAN DRAW FROM THE EVENTS OVER
WE CAN DRAW FROM THE EVENTS OVER THE LAST FEW HOURS.
THE LAST FEW HOURS. THE FIRST IS THAT FACTS MATTER,
THE FIRST IS THAT FACTS MATTER, AND THE FACTS IN THIS CASE DO
AND THE FACTS IN THIS CASE DO NOT TURN ON THE CREDIBILITY OF A
NOT TURN ON THE CREDIBILITY OF A SINGLE INDIVIDUAL, WHETHER IT’S
SINGLE INDIVIDUAL, WHETHER IT’S COHEN, WHETHER IT’S MANAFORT.
COHEN, WHETHER IT’S MANAFORT. OBVIOUSLY, THE SPECIAL
OBVIOUSLY, THE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR AS A WEALTH OF
PROSECUTOR AS A WEALTH OF INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT HAS A
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT HAS A WEALTH OF INFORMATION,
WEALTH OF INFORMATION, DOCUMENTARY, OTHER WITNESSES,
DOCUMENTARY, OTHER WITNESSES, E-MAILS, TEXTS.
E-MAILS, TEXTS. AND SO FACTS DO MATTER.
AND SO FACTS DO MATTER. WE’VE GOTTEN SO USE TO SAYING
WE’VE GOTTEN SO USE TO SAYING WELL, NOTHING MATTERS BECAUSE
WELL, NOTHING MATTERS BECAUSE TRUMP MAKES STUFF UP.
TRUMP MAKES STUFF UP. THAT DOESN’T WORK IN COURT
THAT DOESN’T WORK IN COURT BECAUSE FINALLY WE HAVE THE
BECAUSE FINALLY WE HAVE THE FACTS THAT ARE PRESENTED TO A
FACTS THAT ARE PRESENTED TO A COURT.
COURT. A JUDGE IS GOING TO RULE ON
A JUDGE IS GOING TO RULE ON SENTENCING.
SENTENCING. THIS IS THE REAL SHOW.
THIS IS THE REAL SHOW. SO FACTS DO MATTER.
SO FACTS DO MATTER. SECONDLY, YOU HAVE A SLIGHT
SECONDLY, YOU HAVE A SLIGHT DIFFERENCE OF OPINION HERE,
DIFFERENCE OF OPINION HERE, WHICH SHOW HOUSE INDEPENDENT
WHICH SHOW HOUSE INDEPENDENT THAT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THAT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IS.
YORK IS. REMEMBER, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
REMEMBER, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK IS ONLY INVOLVED
OF NEW YORK IS ONLY INVOLVED WITH COHEN ON THE ISSUE OF THE
WITH COHEN ON THE ISSUE OF THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE ISSUES.
CAMPAIGN FINANCE ISSUES. MUELLER WITH EVERYTHING ELSE.
MUELLER WITH EVERYTHING ELSE. HE HAS PERHAPS BEEN MORE HELPFUL
HE HAS PERHAPS BEEN MORE HELPFUL WITH MUELLER, WHICH IS WHY
WITH MUELLER, WHICH IS WHY MUELLER IS WILLING TO BE MORE
MUELLER IS WILLING TO BE MORE LENIENT, BUT HE REALLY HASN’T
LENIENT, BUT HE REALLY HASN’T GIVEN ENOUGH OR IN THE OPINION
GIVEN ENOUGH OR IN THE OPINION OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT ENOUGH
OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT ENOUGH TO JUSTIFY A SIGNIFICANT
TO JUSTIFY A SIGNIFICANT REDUCTION IN PENALTY.
REDUCTION IN PENALTY. AND SO YOU SEE THESE TWO
AND SO YOU SEE THESE TWO BRANCHES OF THE JUSTICE
BRANCHES OF THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, WHICH ARE ALL UNDER
DEPARTMENT, WHICH ARE ALL UNDER THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH, TAKING
THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH, TAKING SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT POSITIONS.
SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT POSITIONS. THAT’S NOT BAD.
THAT’S NOT BAD. THAT’S REASSURING.
THAT’S REASSURING. THAT’S SAYING PEOPLE ARE
THAT’S SAYING PEOPLE ARE EXERCISING THEIR INDEPENDENT
EXERCISING THEIR INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT BASED UPON THE SPECIFIC
JUDGMENT BASED UPON THE SPECIFIC CASE BEFORE THEM, WHICH IS
CASE BEFORE THEM, WHICH IS DIFFERENT, AND BASED UPON THE
DIFFERENT, AND BASED UPON THE FACTS BEFORE THEM, WHICH IS
FACTS BEFORE THEM, WHICH IS DIFFERENT.
DIFFERENT. SO THAT SHOULD BE REASSURING,
SO THAT SHOULD BE REASSURING, THAT ALL THIS BULLYING OF THE
THAT ALL THIS BULLYING OF THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT HAS REALLY
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT HAS REALLY AMOUNTED TO NOTHING BECAUSE
AMOUNTED TO NOTHING BECAUSE PEOPLE ARE DOING THEIR JOB AND
PEOPLE ARE DOING THEIR JOB AND PROCEEDING.
PROCEEDING. I THINK THE THIRD POINT WE
I THINK THE THIRD POINT WE SHOULD HAVE IS THAT IT IS GOING
SHOULD HAVE IS THAT IT IS GOING TO BE IMPOSSIBLE I THINK AT THIS
TO BE IMPOSSIBLE I THINK AT THIS POINT TO EITHER WITHHOLD A FINAL
POINT TO EITHER WITHHOLD A FINAL REPORT IF WE EVER HAVE A FINAL
REPORT IF WE EVER HAVE A FINAL REPORT AND/OR FIRE MUELLER,
REPORT AND/OR FIRE MUELLER, BECAUSE WHAT HE IS DOING AND
BECAUSE WHAT HE IS DOING AND WHAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT IS
WHAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT IS DOING ARE NOW CREATING A
DOING ARE NOW CREATING A PARALLEL REPORT, IF YOU WILL, IN
PARALLEL REPORT, IF YOU WILL, IN THE PUBLIC DOMAIN THROUGH THE
THE PUBLIC DOMAIN THROUGH THE COURTS, THROUGH THESE FILINGS.
COURTS, THROUGH THESE FILINGS. SO WE ARE GETTING TO KNOW IN
SO WE ARE GETTING TO KNOW IN REALTIME THE EXTENT OF THAT
REALTIME THE EXTENT OF THAT INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. YOU CAN’T PUT THE GENIE BACK IN
YOU CAN’T PUT THE GENIE BACK IN THE BOTTLE.
THE BOTTLE. YOU CAN’T PUT THE TOOTHPASTE
YOU CAN’T PUT THE TOOTHPASTE BACK IN THE TUBE ONCE THAT’S OUT
BACK IN THE TUBE ONCE THAT’S OUT THERE.
THERE. SO IN SOME WAYS THEY’VE CREATED
SO IN SOME WAYS THEY’VE CREATED SOME PROTECTION FOR THEMSELVES.
SOME PROTECTION FOR THEMSELVES. AND I THINK THE FINAL THING WE
AND I THINK THE FINAL THING WE SHOULD KEEP IN MIND IS KNEES
SHOULD KEEP IN MIND IS KNEES PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN ENABLING
PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN ENABLING TRUMP, WHETHER IT’S RUDOLPH
TRUMP, WHETHER IT’S RUDOLPH GIULIANI, WHETHER IT’S PEOPLE IN
GIULIANI, WHETHER IT’S PEOPLE IN THE WHITE HOUSE WHO THINK IT’S
THE WHITE HOUSE WHO THINK IT’S FINE TO LIE FOR THIS GUY, IT’S
FINE TO LIE FOR THIS GUY, IT’S FINE TO LIE TO THE PUBLIC, YOU
FINE TO LIE TO THE PUBLIC, YOU CAN DO WHATEVER YOU WANT BECAUSE
CAN DO WHATEVER YOU WANT BECAUSE YOUR ONLY CLIENT, YOUR ONLY
YOUR ONLY CLIENT, YOUR ONLY RESPONSIBILITY IS TO TRUMP,
RESPONSIBILITY IS TO TRUMP, THOSE PEOPLE ARE IN A HECK OF A
THOSE PEOPLE ARE IN A HECK OF A LOT OF TROUBLE, BECAUSE THOSE
LOT OF TROUBLE, BECAUSE THOSE PEOPLE MAY NOW BE INVOLVED IN
PEOPLE MAY NOW BE INVOLVED IN ACTIONS WHICH CUTE OBSTRUCTION
ACTIONS WHICH CUTE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.
OF JUSTICE. THE FRAUD EXCEPTION WILL MAKE IT
THE FRAUD EXCEPTION WILL MAKE IT IMPOSSIBLE FOR LAWYERS TO HIDE
IMPOSSIBLE FOR LAWYERS TO HIDE BEHIND THE ATTORNEY/CLIENT
BEHIND THE ATTORNEY/CLIENT PRIVILEGE.
PRIVILEGE. AND THIS SHOULD BE A WARNING TO
AND THIS SHOULD BE A WARNING TO PEOPLE WHO WORK IN GOVERNMENT
PEOPLE WHO WORK IN GOVERNMENT AND TO LAWYERS THAT YOU MUST
AND TO LAWYERS THAT YOU MUST CONDUCT YOURSELF WITHIN THE
CONDUCT YOURSELF WITHIN THE CONFINES OF THE LAW.
CONFINES OF THE LAW. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. THAT YOU HAVE ETHICAL AND LEGAL
THAT YOU HAVE ETHICAL AND LEGAL OBLIGATIONS.
OBLIGATIONS. >> EXACTLY.
>> EXACTLY. >> I WANT TO DO A LIGHTNING
>> I WANT TO DO A LIGHTNING ROUND WITH MY LARGE MUELLER
ROUND WITH MY LARGE MUELLER FRIDAY BRADY BUNCH PANEL HERE.
FRIDAY BRADY BUNCH PANEL HERE. YES OR NO, LIGHTNING ROUND, YES
YES OR NO, LIGHTNING ROUND, YES OR NO, DO THE EVENTS AND FILINGS
OR NO, DO THE EVENTS AND FILINGS OF TODAY INCREASE THE LEGAL
OF TODAY INCREASE THE LEGAL EXPOSURE OF INDIVIDUAL ONE,
EXPOSURE OF INDIVIDUAL ONE, DONALD TRUMP?
DONALD TRUMP? YES OR NO.
YES OR NO. JOHN?
JOHN? >> ABSOLUTELY, YES.
>> ABSOLUTELY, YES. >> NANCY?
>> NANCY? >> ABSOLUTELY, YES.
>> ABSOLUTELY, YES. >> MAYA?
>> MAYA? >> OH, YEAH.
>> OH, YEAH. >> NEAL KATYAL?
>> NEAL KATYAL? >> 100%.
>> 100%. >> JENNIFER?
>> JENNIFER? >> OH, YES.
>> OH, YES. >> KEN DILANIAN?
>> KEN DILANIAN? >> THE ANSWER IS YES BECAUSE
>> THE ANSWER IS YES BECAUSE THIS HAS BEEN THE MOST
THIS HAS BEEN THE MOST CONSEQUENTIAL DAY YET OF THE
CONSEQUENTIAL DAY YET OF THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION.
MUELLER INVESTIGATION. >> THAT IS QUITE A STATEMENT
>> THAT IS QUITE A STATEMENT GIVEN HOW MANY DAYS THERE HAVE